https://youtube.com is down
https://apple.com is down
https://microsoft.com is down
https://www.google.com is up
https://www.blogger.com is down
https://play.google.com is down
https://docs.google.com is down
https://support.google.com is down
https://plus.google.com is down
https://adobe.com is down
https://linkedin.com is down
https://en.wikipedia.org is up
https://wordpress.org is up
https://accounts.google.com is down
https://youtu.be is down
https://bp.blogspot.com is down
https://mozilla.org is down
https://github.com is up
https://drive.google.com is down
https://googleusercontent.com is down
https://vimeo.com is up
https://sites.google.com is down
https://cloudflare.com is down
https://facebook.com is down
https://amazon.com is down
https://vk.com is down
https://creativecommons.org is up
https://bbc.co.uk is down
https://maps.google.com is down
https://dailymotion.com is down
https://istockphoto.com is down
https://live.com is down
https://mail.google.com is down
https://europa.eu is down
https://line.me is down
https://gstatic.com is down
https://cnn.com is down
https://t.me is down
https://paypal.com is down
https://bbc.com is down
https://whatsapp.com is down
https://photos.google.com is down
https://nytimes.com is down
https://forbes.com is down
https://imdb.com is down
https://es.wikipedia.org is up
https://mail.ru is up
https://google.es is down
https://google.de is down
https://msn.com is down
https://washingtonpost.com is down
https://google.com.br is down
https://developers.google.com is up
https://dropbox.com is down
https://nih.gov is down
https://fr.wikipedia.org is up
https://pt.wikipedia.org is up
https://hugedomains.com is down
https://wikimedia.org is down
https://uol.com.br is down
https://policies.google.com is up
https://feedburner.com is up
https://slideshare.net is down
https://www.yahoo.com is up
https://amazon.co.jp is down
https://google.co.jp is down
https://buydomains.com is down
https://myspace.com is up
https://networkadvertising.org is down
https://globo.com is down
https://news.google.com is down
https://theguardian.com is down
https://google.co.uk is down
https://w3.org is down
https://reuters.com is down
https://translate.google.com is up
https://picasaweb.google.com is down
https://change.org is down
https://medium.com is up
https://steampowered.com is down
https://ft.com is down
https://groups.google.com is down
https://news.yahoo.com is up
https://gnu.org is down
https://issuu.com is down
https://booking.com is down
https://code.google.com is up
https://aol.com is down
https://ig.com.br is down
https://apache.org is up
https://wsj.com is down
https://google.fr is down
https://www.wix.com is up
https://jimdofree.com is down
https://fb.com is down
https://tools.google.com is down
https://engadget.com is down
https://wired.com is down
https://youronlinechoices.com is down
https://cpanel.net is up
https://ebay.com is down
https://techcrunch.com is up
https://dailymail.co.uk is down
https://rakuten.co.jp is down
https://thesun.co.uk is down
https://samsung.com is down
https://hp.com is down
https://de.wikipedia.org is up
https://independent.co.uk is down
https://amazon.co.uk is down
https://huffingtonpost.com is down
https://goo.gl is down
https://archive.org is up
https://ipv4.google.com is up
https://rt.com is down
https://mediafire.com is down
https://draft.blogger.com is down
https://aboutads.info is down
https://files.wordpress.com is down
https://myaccount.google.com is down
https://soundcloud.com is up
https://google.ru is down
https://android.com is down
https://marketingplatform.google.com is down
https://harvard.edu is down
https://gravatar.com is up
https://nasa.gov is down
https://foxnews.com is down
https://opera.com is down
https://telegram.me is down
https://un.org is down
https://fandom.com is down
https://ted.com is down
https://abril.com.br is down
https://bloomberg.com is down
https://bing.com is down
https://plesk.com is down
https://books.google.com is up
https://oracle.com is down
https://get.google.com is down
https://www.gov.uk is up
https://ok.ru is up
https://nypost.com is up
https://twitter.com is down
https://wikia.com is down
https://bit.ly is down
https://pinterest.com is down
https://privacyshield.gov is down
https://search.google.com is down
https://telegraph.co.uk is down
https://elpais.com is down
https://amazon.de is down
https://scribd.com is down
https://cnet.com is down
https://usatoday.com is down
https://tinyurl.com is down
https://google.it is down
https://lefigaro.fr is down
https://aliexpress.com is down
https://hatena.ne.jp is down
https://disney.com is down
https://economist.com is down
https://digg.com is up
https://terra.com.br is down
https://sedo.com is down
https://rtve.es is down
