https://youtube.com is down
https://apple.com is down
https://microsoft.com is down
https://www.google.com is up
https://www.blogger.com is down
https://play.google.com is down
https://docs.google.com is down
https://support.google.com is down
https://plus.google.com is down
https://adobe.com is down
https://en.wikipedia.org is up
https://linkedin.com is down
https://wordpress.org is up
https://accounts.google.com is down
https://youtu.be is down
https://bp.blogspot.com is down
https://mozilla.org is down
https://github.com is up
https://drive.google.com is down
https://googleusercontent.com is down
https://sites.google.com is down
https://vimeo.com is up
https://facebook.com is down
https://cloudflare.com is down
https://amazon.com is down
https://bbc.co.uk is down
https://creativecommons.org is up
https://istockphoto.com is down
https://dailymotion.com is down
https://maps.google.com is down
https://line.me is down
https://europa.eu is down
https://live.com is down
https://mail.google.com is down
https://gstatic.com is down
https://cnn.com is down
https://t.me is down
https://paypal.com is down
https://photos.google.com is down
https://imdb.com is down
https://whatsapp.com is down
https://mail.ru is up
https://bbc.com is down
https://forbes.com is down
https://nytimes.com is down
https://es.wikipedia.org is up
https://google.es is down
https://google.de is down
https://washingtonpost.com is down
https://msn.com is down
https://developers.google.com is up
https://google.com.br is down
https://dropbox.com is down
https://nih.gov is down
https://fr.wikipedia.org is up
https://pt.wikipedia.org is up
https://hugedomains.com is down
https://uol.com.br is down
https://wikimedia.org is down
https://policies.google.com is up
https://feedburner.com is up
https://slideshare.net is down
https://google.co.jp is down
https://amazon.co.jp is down
https://www.yahoo.com is up
https://buydomains.com is down
https://networkadvertising.org is down
https://myspace.com is up
https://globo.com is down
https://google.co.uk is down
https://theguardian.com is down
https://news.google.com is down
https://reuters.com is down
https://w3.org is down
https://translate.google.com is up
https://picasaweb.google.com is down
https://medium.com is up
https://change.org is down
https://ft.com is down
https://groups.google.com is down
https://steampowered.com is down
https://news.yahoo.com is up
https://gnu.org is down
https://issuu.com is down
https://booking.com is down
https://engadget.com is down
https://code.google.com is up
https://ig.com.br is down
https://wsj.com is down
https://apache.org is up
https://aol.com is down
https://google.fr is down
https://jimdofree.com is down
https://www.wix.com is up
https://fb.com is down
https://tools.google.com is down
https://wired.com is down
https://cpanel.net is up
https://youronlinechoices.com is down
https://techcrunch.com is up
https://rakuten.co.jp is down
https://ebay.com is down
https://dailymail.co.uk is down
https://thesun.co.uk is down
https://archive.org is up
https://independent.co.uk is down
https://samsung.com is down
https://hp.com is down
https://de.wikipedia.org is up
https://goo.gl is down
https://rt.com is down
https://amazon.co.uk is down
https://huffingtonpost.com is down
https://mediafire.com is down
https://draft.blogger.com is down
https://files.wordpress.com is down
https://aboutads.info is down
https://soundcloud.com is up
https://google.ru is down
https://myaccount.google.com is down
https://android.com is down
https://ipv4.google.com is up
https://gravatar.com is up
https://nasa.gov is down
https://harvard.edu is down
https://marketingplatform.google.com is down
https://un.org is down
https://opera.com is down
https://telegram.me is down
https://foxnews.com is down
https://abril.com.br is down
https://fandom.com is down
https://ted.com is down
https://www.gov.uk is up
https://bloomberg.com is down
https://bing.com is down
https://plesk.com is down
https://books.google.com is up
https://oracle.com is down
https://get.google.com is down
https://nypost.com is up
https://ok.ru is up
https://bit.ly is down
https://twitter.com is down
https://wikia.com is down
https://privacyshield.gov is down
https://pinterest.com is down
https://telegraph.co.uk is down
https://amazon.de is down
https://search.google.com is down
https://elpais.com is down
https://cnet.com is down
https://scribd.com is down
https://usatoday.com is down
https://aliexpress.com is down
https://tinyurl.com is down
https://google.it is down
https://hatena.ne.jp is down
https://lefigaro.fr is down
https://disney.com is down
https://economist.com is down
https://digg.com is up
https://sedo.com is down
https://terra.com.br is down
https://rtve.es is down
https://a8.net is down
https://ietf.org is down
https://bt.com is down
https://amazon.es is down
https://marriott.com is down
https://stackoverflow.com is down
https://gen.xyz is down
https://nature.com is down
https://bp2.blogger.com is down
https://instagram.com is down
https://so-net.ne.jp is down
https://google.co.in is down
https://google.ca is down
https://windowsphone.com is down
https://dell.com is down
https://picasa.google.com is up
https://themeforest.net is down
https://sports.yahoo.com is down
https://google.com.tw is down
https://rottentomatoes.com is down
https://eventbrite.com is down
https://express.co.uk is down
https://academia.edu is down
https://list-manage.com is down
https://ja.wikipedia.org is up
https://xbox.com is down
https://weibo.com is up
https://gizmodo.com is up
https://detik.com is down
https://godaddy.com is down
https://quora.com is down
https://goo.ne.jp is down
https://id.wikipedia.org is up
https://lemonde.fr is down
https://spiegel.de is down
https://finance.yahoo.com is down
https://sciencedaily.com is down
https://bp0.blogger.com is down
https://secureserver.net is down
https://huffpost.com is down
https://playstation.com is down
https://netflix.com is down
https://imageshack.us is up
https://sapo.pt is down
https://ask.fm is down
https://vice.com is down
https://storage.googleapis.com is down
https://cisco.com is down
https://bitly.com is down
https://spotify.com is down
https://wikihow.com is down
https://whitehouse.gov is down
https://pbs.org is down
https://wp.com is down
https://cbc.ca is down
https://sendspace.com is down
https://nhk.or.jp is down
https://sciencemag.org is down
https://akamaihd.net is down
https://buzzfeed.com is down
https://google.pl is down
https://shutterstock.com is down
https://cdc.gov is down
https://naver.jp is down
https://nationalgeographic.com is down
https://webmd.com is down
https://ovh.co.uk is down
https://britannica.com is down
https://bp3.blogger.com is down
https://ovh.com is down
https://yahoo.co.jp is down
https://search.yahoo.com is up
https://cnbc.com is down
https://amazon.fr is down
https://blackberry.com is down
https://yelp.com is down
https://welt.de is down
https://washington.edu is down
https://unesco.org is down
https://gooyaabitemplates.com is up
https://www.weebly.com is up
https://adssettings.google.com is down
https://abc.es is down
https://bp1.blogger.com is down
https://addtoany.com is down
https://depositfiles.com is up
https://soratemplates.com is down
https://m.wikipedia.org is down
https://php.net is down
https://berkeley.edu is down
https://loc.gov is up
https://nokia.com is down
https://cbsnews.com is down
https://target.com is down
https://000webhost.com is down
https://bund.de is down
https://ytimg.com is down
https://e-recht24.de is down
https://disqus.com is up
https://iubenda.com is down
https://news.com.au is down
https://theatlantic.com is down
https://mashable.com is up
https://surveymonkey.com is down
https://indiatimes.com is down
https://psychologytoday.com is down
https://ucoz.ru is down
https://sky.com is down
https://elmundo.es is down
https://bandcamp.com is up
https://cpanel.com is down
https://stanford.edu is down
https://dw.com is down
https://sfgate.com is down
https://instructables.com is down
https://dan.com is up
https://about.com is down
https://it.wikipedia.org is up
https://parallels.com is down
https://gofundme.com is down
https://theverge.com is down
https://venturebeat.com is up
https://npr.org is down
https://worldbank.org is down
https://rambler.ru is down
https://rapidshare.com is down
https://ria.ru is down
https://4shared.com is down
https://cornell.edu is down
https://yandex.ru is up
https://www.wikipedia.org is down
https://yadi.sk is down
https://ign.com is down
https://abc.net.au is down
https://walmart.com is down
https://latimes.com is down
https://guardian.co.uk is down
https://abcnews.go.com is up
https://goodreads.com is down
https://asus.com is down
https://www.over-blog.com is down
https://kickstarter.com is down
https://smh.com.au is down
https://pixabay.com is down
https://www.skyrock.com is up
https://nydailynews.com is down
https://wa.me is down
https://nginx.org is up
https://netvibes.com is down
https://office.com is down
https://ggpht.com is down
https://columbia.edu is down
https://googleblog.com is down
https://fastcompany.com is down
https://metro.co.uk is up
https://google.nl is down
https://viglink.com is down
https://channel4.com is down
https://espn.com is down
https://who.int is down
https://princeton.edu is down
https://nvidia.com is down
https://ovh.net is down
https://sciencedirect.com is down
https://newsweek.com is down
https://my.yahoo.com is up
https://namecheap.com is down
https://mit.edu is down
https://doubleclick.net is down
https://t.co is up
https://vox.com is down
https://pl.wikipedia.org is up
https://mirror.co.uk is down
https://tripadvisor.com is down
https://urbandictionary.com is down
https://addthis.com is down
https://ru.wikipedia.org is up
https://utexas.edu is down
https://twitch.tv is down
https://chicagotribune.com is down
https://xinhuanet.com is down
https://zendesk.com is down
https://ibm.com is down
https://hm.com is down
https://photobucket.com is up
https://time.com is up
https://allaboutcookies.org is up
https://mysql.com is down
https://cambridge.org is down
https://naver.com is down
https://umich.edu is up
https://ea.com is down
https://ikea.com is down
https://fb.me is down
https://google.co.id is down
https://qq.com is down
https://alibaba.com is down
https://hollywoodreporter.com is down
https://gmail.com is down
https://trustpilot.com is down
https://box.com is down
https://thetimes.co.uk is down
https://shopify.com is down
https://biglobe.ne.jp is up
https://businessinsider.com is down
https://lycos.com is down
https://newyorker.com is down
https://viagens.com.br is up
https://amzn.to is down
https://example.com is up
https://www.canalblog.com is up
https://epa.gov is down
https://state.gov is down
https://bloglovin.com is down
https://clickbank.net is down
https://standard.co.uk is down
https://fda.gov is down
